com/mtg/screenrecorder/utils/mp4parser/Merge.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.mp4parser.Merge
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/ItemSelectedBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.ItemSelectedBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/utils/PreferencesHelper.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.PreferencesHelper
com/mtg/screenrecorder/utils/setting/ItemSelected.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.setting.ItemSelected
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/ActivitySplashBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.ActivitySplashBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/DialogAskPermissionBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.DialogAskPermissionBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/base/BaseFragment.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.base.BaseFragment
com/mtg/screenrecorder/base/rx/CallBackRxBus.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.base.rx.CallBackRxBus
com/mtg/screenrecorder/view/activity/cameraview/CameraActivity.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.activity.cameraview.CameraActivity
com/mtg/screenrecorder/utils/trimlib/VideoFile.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.trimlib.VideoFile
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/LayoutToolsArBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.LayoutToolsArBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/FloatingViewBrushBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.FloatingViewBrushBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/base/rx/CallbackEventView.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.base.rx.CallbackEventView
com/mtg/screenrecorder/utils/editvideo/ItemEdit.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.editvideo.ItemEdit
com/mtg/screenrecorder/utils/trimlib/OnRangeSeekBarChangeListener.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.trimlib.OnRangeSeekBarChangeListener
com/mtg/screenrecorder/service/layout/LayoutMainRightManager.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.service.layout.LayoutMainRightManager
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.service.layout.LayoutMainRightManager$Callback
com/mtg/screenrecorder/utils/setting/Apps.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.setting.Apps
com/mtg/screenrecorder/utils/ScreenRecordHelper.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.ScreenRecordHelper
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.ScreenRecordHelper$1
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.ScreenRecordHelper$2
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.ScreenRecordHelper$CallBackRecordHelper
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.ScreenRecordHelper$MediaProjectionCallback
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.ScreenRecordHelper$Resolution
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.ScreenRecordHelper$State
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/LayoutRecordingSettingBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.LayoutRecordingSettingBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/base/rx/BusEvent.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.base.rx.BusEvent
com/mtg/screenrecorder/service/floating/FloatingMainManager.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.service.floating.FloatingMainManager
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.service.floating.FloatingMainManager$1
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.service.floating.FloatingMainManager$2
com/mtg/screenrecorder/view/fragment/PictureFragment.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.fragment.PictureFragment
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.fragment.PictureFragment$1
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/DialogLoadingBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.DialogLoadingBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/service/layout/LayoutBrushManager.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.service.layout.LayoutBrushManager
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.service.layout.LayoutBrushManager$1
com/mtg/screenrecorder/view/activity/VideoTrimActivity.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.activity.VideoTrimActivity
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.activity.VideoTrimActivity$1
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.activity.VideoTrimActivity$2
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.activity.VideoTrimActivity$2$1
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.activity.VideoTrimActivity$3
com/mtg/screenrecorder/view/dialog/DialogAskPermission.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.dialog.DialogAskPermission
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.dialog.DialogAskPermission$SuccessListener
com/mtg/screenrecorder/utils/trimlib/BackgroundTask.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.trimlib.BackgroundTask
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.trimlib.BackgroundTask$Task
com/mtg/screenrecorder/view/activity/guide/GuidePermissionOverlayActivity.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.activity.guide.GuidePermissionOverlayActivity
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/ItemPictureBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.ItemPictureBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/DialogListAppBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.DialogListAppBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/LayoutAudioSettingsBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.LayoutAudioSettingsBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/FragmentVideoBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.FragmentVideoBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/utils/notification/ServiceNotificationManager.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.notification.ServiceNotificationManager
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.notification.ServiceNotificationManager$1
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/LayoutPreviewMediaFileBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.LayoutPreviewMediaFileBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/view/activity/tools/ToolsActivity.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.activity.tools.ToolsActivity
com/mtg/screenrecorder/view/adapter/EditAdapter.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.adapter.EditAdapter
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.adapter.EditAdapter$ViewHolder
com/mtg/screenrecorder/service/floating/FloatingBrushManager.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.service.floating.FloatingBrushManager
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/ActivityVideoTrimBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.ActivityVideoTrimBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/utils/encoder/Mp4toGIFConverter.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.encoder.Mp4toGIFConverter
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.encoder.Mp4toGIFConverter$TaskSaveGIF
com/mtg/screenrecorder/service/layout/LayoutBlurManager.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.service.layout.LayoutBlurManager
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.service.layout.LayoutBlurManager$Callback
com/mtg/screenrecorder/utils/MyTabChange.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.MyTabChange
com/mtg/screenrecorder/view/adapter/settings/SelectedAdapter.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.adapter.settings.SelectedAdapter
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.adapter.settings.SelectedAdapter$ViewHolder
com/mtg/screenrecorder/view/adapter/PictureAdapter.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.adapter.PictureAdapter
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.adapter.PictureAdapter$ViewHolder
com/mtg/screenrecorder/utils/media/MediaEncoder.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.media.MediaEncoder
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.media.MediaEncoder$MediaEncoderListener
com/mtg/screenrecorder/view/adapter/MainViewPagerAdapter.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.adapter.MainViewPagerAdapter
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/LayoutLanguageBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.LayoutLanguageBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/NavHeaderMainBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.NavHeaderMainBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/FloatingViewRecordBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.FloatingViewRecordBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/base/rx/RxBus.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.base.rx.RxBus
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/LayoutSaveOptionsBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.LayoutSaveOptionsBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/view/dialog/LoadingDialog.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.dialog.LoadingDialog
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/FloatingViewMainBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.FloatingViewMainBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/LayoutMainBrushBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.LayoutMainBrushBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/base/rx/RxBusType.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.base.rx.RxBusType
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/LayoutExperimentalBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.LayoutExperimentalBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/LayoutNotificationMainRtlBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.LayoutNotificationMainRtlBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/utils/trimlib/TrimVideoUtils.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.trimlib.TrimVideoUtils
com/mtg/screenrecorder/service/floating/FloatingRecordManager.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.service.floating.FloatingRecordManager
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.service.floating.FloatingRecordManager$1
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.service.floating.FloatingRecordManager$2
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.service.floating.FloatingRecordManager$3
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.service.floating.FloatingRecordManager$4
com/mtg/screenrecorder/base/BaseViewHolder.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.base.BaseViewHolder
com/mtg/screenrecorder/view/fragment/EditVideoFragment.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.fragment.EditVideoFragment
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.fragment.EditVideoFragment$1
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/LayoutFloatingRecordingLeftBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.LayoutFloatingRecordingLeftBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/utils/Storage.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.Storage
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.Storage$VideoValue
com/mtg/screenrecorder/service/layout/LayoutMainLeftManager.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.service.layout.LayoutMainLeftManager
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.service.layout.LayoutMainLeftManager$CallBack
com/mtg/screenrecorder/utils/trimlib/OnVideoTrimListener.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.trimlib.OnVideoTrimListener
com/mtg/screenrecorder/view/dialog/DialogSingleSelected.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.dialog.DialogSingleSelected
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.dialog.DialogSingleSelected$CallBackDialog
com/mtg/screenrecorder/utils/trimlib/Utility.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.trimlib.Utility
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/ItemDateBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.ItemDateBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/base/BaseRecyclerAdapter.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.base.BaseRecyclerAdapter
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.base.BaseRecyclerAdapter$CallBackAdapter
com/mtg/screenrecorder/service/MyService.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.service.MyService
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.service.MyService$1
com/mtg/screenrecorder/utils/trimlib/CustomRangeSeekBar.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.trimlib.CustomRangeSeekBar
com/mtg/screenrecorder/service/layout/LayoutRecordRightManager.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.service.layout.LayoutRecordRightManager
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.service.layout.LayoutRecordRightManager$Callback
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/DialogSingleSelectedBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.DialogSingleSelectedBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/LayoutToolsBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.LayoutToolsBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/view/adapter/VideoAdapter.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.adapter.VideoAdapter
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.adapter.VideoAdapter$CallBackVideo
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.adapter.VideoAdapter$HeaderViewHolder
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.adapter.VideoAdapter$VideoViewHolder
com/mtg/screenrecorder/base/BaseDialog.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.base.BaseDialog
com/mtg/screenrecorder/utils/media/MediaVideoEncoderBase.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.media.MediaVideoEncoderBase
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/ItemColorBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.ItemColorBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/service/floating/FloatingScreenShotManager.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.service.floating.FloatingScreenShotManager
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/FloatingCameraViewBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.FloatingCameraViewBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/service/layout/LayoutRecordLeftManager.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.service.layout.LayoutRecordLeftManager
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.service.layout.LayoutRecordLeftManager$Callback
com/mtg/screenrecorder/utils/keyboard/KeyboardHeightObserver.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.keyboard.KeyboardHeightObserver
com/mtg/screenrecorder/view/adapter/ColorAdapter.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.adapter.ColorAdapter
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.adapter.ColorAdapter$ViewHolder
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/ItemAppBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.ItemAppBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/service/layout/LayoutToolsManager.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.service.layout.LayoutToolsManager
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/LayoutNotificationMainBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.LayoutNotificationMainBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/view/fragment/VideoFragment.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.fragment.VideoFragment
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.fragment.VideoFragment$1
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.fragment.VideoFragment$2
com/mtg/screenrecorder/utils/media/MediaScreenEncoder.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.media.MediaScreenEncoder
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.media.MediaScreenEncoder$1
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.media.MediaScreenEncoder$DrawTask
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.media.MediaScreenEncoder$DrawTask$1
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.media.MediaScreenEncoder$DrawTask$2
com/mtg/screenrecorder/service/layout/LayoutPreviewMediaManager.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.service.layout.LayoutPreviewMediaManager
com/mtg/screenrecorder/view/dialog/DialogInput.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.dialog.DialogInput
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.dialog.DialogInput$CallBackDialog
com/mtg/screenrecorder/utils/Config.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.Config
com/mtg/screenrecorder/utils/ShakeEventManager.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.ShakeEventManager
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.ShakeEventManager$ShakeListener
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/FragmentSettingBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.FragmentSettingBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/FragmentEditVideoBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.FragmentEditVideoBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/service/base/BaseLayoutWindowManager.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.service.base.BaseLayoutWindowManager
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/LayoutMainBlurBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.LayoutMainBlurBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/utils/ScreenShotHelper.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.ScreenShotHelper
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.ScreenShotHelper$1
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.ScreenShotHelper$ImageAvailableListener
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/DialogInputBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.DialogInputBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/base/rx/RxBusHelper.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.base.rx.RxBusHelper
com/mtg/screenrecorder/service/layout/LayoutTimerManager.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.service.layout.LayoutTimerManager
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.service.layout.LayoutTimerManager$1
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.service.layout.LayoutTimerManager$CallBack
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/LayoutNotificationRecordingRtlBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.LayoutNotificationRecordingRtlBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/LayoutCustomAppBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.LayoutCustomAppBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/LayoutFloatingMainLeftBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.LayoutFloatingMainLeftBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/AppBarMainBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.AppBarMainBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/utils/media/MediaAudioEncoder.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.media.MediaAudioEncoder
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.media.MediaAudioEncoder$1
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.media.MediaAudioEncoder$AudioThread
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.media.MediaAudioEncoder$AudioThread2
com/mtg/screenrecorder/utils/trimlib/BarThumb.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.trimlib.BarThumb
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/LayoutVideoSettingsBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.LayoutVideoSettingsBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/utils/media/MediaMuxerWrapper.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.media.MediaMuxerWrapper
com/mtg/screenrecorder/utils/encoder/GifEncoder.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.encoder.GifEncoder
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.encoder.LZWEncoder
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.encoder.NeuQuant
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/ItemVideosBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.ItemVideosBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/view/activity/screenshot/ScreenShotActivity.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.activity.screenshot.ScreenShotActivity
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/ContentMainBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.ContentMainBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/view/adapter/settings/ListAppAdapter.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.adapter.settings.ListAppAdapter
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.adapter.settings.ListAppAdapter$ViewHolder
com/mtg/screenrecorder/base/BaseActivity.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.base.BaseActivity
com/mtg/screenrecorder/view/activity/MainActivity.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.activity.MainActivity
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.activity.MainActivity$1
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.activity.MainActivity$2
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.activity.MainActivity$3
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/LayoutFloatingMainRightBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.LayoutFloatingMainRightBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/utils/ViewUtils.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.ViewUtils
com/mtg/screenrecorder/utils/trimlib/TileView.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.trimlib.TileView
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.trimlib.TileView$1
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.trimlib.TileView$2
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.trimlib.TileView$MainThreadExecutor
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.trimlib.TileView$MainThreadExecutor$1
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.trimlib.TileView$MainThreadExecutor$Token
com/mtg/screenrecorder/view/fragment/SettingFragment.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.fragment.SettingFragment
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.fragment.SettingFragment$1
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/ItemEditBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.ItemEditBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/view/dialog/DialogAppPicker.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.dialog.DialogAppPicker
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.dialog.DialogAppPicker$1
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.dialog.DialogAppPicker$2
com/mtg/screenrecorder/service/floating/FloatingCameraViewManager.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.service.floating.FloatingCameraViewManager
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.service.floating.FloatingCameraViewManager$1
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.service.floating.FloatingCameraViewManager$2
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.service.floating.FloatingCameraViewManager$3
com/mtg/screenrecorder/view/activity/record/RecordActivity.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.activity.record.RecordActivity
com/mtg/screenrecorder/utils/MyTab.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.MyTab
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/LayoutTimerBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.LayoutTimerBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/FragmentPictureBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.FragmentPictureBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/service/base/BaseFloatingManager.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.service.base.BaseFloatingManager
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/LayoutOptionsBrushBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.LayoutOptionsBrushBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/LayoutNotificationRecordingBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.LayoutNotificationRecordingBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/view/activity/splash/SplashActivity.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.view.activity.splash.SplashActivity
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/FloatingViewCaptureBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.FloatingViewCaptureBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/LayoutFloatingRecordingRightBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.LayoutFloatingRecordingRightBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/BuildConfig.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.BuildConfig
com/mtg/screenrecorder/databinding/ActivityGuidePermissionOverlayBinding.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.databinding.ActivityGuidePermissionOverlayBinding
com/mtg/screenrecorder/utils/keyboard/KeyboardHeightProvider.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.keyboard.KeyboardHeightProvider
com/mtg/screenrecorder/utils/Toolbox.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.Toolbox
com/mtg/screenrecorder/utils/LocaleManager.java
 com.mtg.screenrecorder.utils.LocaleManager
